Let's move on with the configuration we get that CSSA area and I actually showed this a bit earlier
in this course already.
You can use it to include global C-s as follows.
So you would simply pass a string here which is the POF that say yes this folder to your main dot CSSA
fall if you had it.
And then this would be included on every single page which is a great way of defining truly global C-s
as styles.
The alternative which we're using is to use a lay out specific styling which is also global for a given
layout.
Choose whichever you need.
And of course feel free to mix both behavior's plugins is something I will come back to in this module
as well as modules.
So I will dive into DS 2 features specifically in specific videos.
No.
Built is a configuration where you can change to build process or where you can change settings about
the built process.
This of course means things like that compilation step off.
Next gen javascript to current gen javascript or minification now a detailed documentation of all the
settings you can set here can also be found in the last lecture of this module.
This is a bit advanced here so you shouldn't really do anything here unless you know what you're doing.
But if you know what you're doing you can redefine you in all the settings to your needs.
Now that's not all.
We get more things we can configure than the things you see here the properties you see here.
So let me dive into some obvious settings.
I will simply add them here.
For example we get depth the depth setting is a Boolean OR takes a boolean and you simply define whether
you're in development mode or not considered to True or False and True means you are in development
mode.
But this will always be overwritten by the next script you are executing in the end.
When you're building your project you have to look at the package that Jason followed.
Here you see all the scripts you can run and you see you got next for development mode and later for
production mode you'll have next build to build it and next start to start the next server.
But more on this in the deployment section.
The important thing is build and start will always set death to false because you are not in development
mode so you really need to set this death property therefore more interesting is D-NV property.
This allows you to set your own environment variables that will be injected into your project.
Now here's the cool thing.
You can simply reference global environment variables from your node environment here and simply forewards
them into your app if you want to put it like this.
You could also set something like a base you are l here for example and set that base your L to our
firebase project.
Now let's have a look.
We're using that your L and the store for example here.
Now we could drapped that base your l of that you are l and simply set it here.
Now it's set as an environment variable and we could even enhanced is to reach out to our default node
environment.
Does this running in and reach are two rows and base your let's say and use that as a preferred value
and only fall back to our hard code of your L if does it's not found now in our case this will not be
found.
But if you're running your next step on a real node server you typically can inject environment variables
into that environment.
You set this up in your hosting provider dashboard for example and if does this now set up if you set
up base your L environment variable are written like this there then disvalue will be taken.
This allows you to set up configuration in your hosting dashboard without having to hardcoded in here.
And we got this fallback value.
Now with this environment variable added here we can use it by simply going to the places where we will
need it like you're in Naxa in it.
And there we now simply X-ists process and base you are l like this this is now available it will be
made available by the next workflow to build workflow.
And therefore this code will be compiled to the code where this string is actually entered.
So we're not shipping this code with the placeholder.
This will be turned into a raw string during compilation but during compilation we can access this string
or this placeholder this environment variable.
We can of course also access it in our files in our pages.
So here in next DOD view in the Id fall I can also replace this base your part here with my process
and base your L variable and the same in the admin section here.
I can also get rid of that and use my base your you're in front of it.
And with that you will see if you reload your app.
Everything still works fine because we're still reaching out to the correct address but actually we're
taking advantage of this global base you are l which of course makes it easier for us to simply switch
to value and it will then be applied application wide.
So environment variables are really useful feature if you want to learn more.
You can also find a link to more information about these.
At the end of this module.